they lived they live to take me to infinity
and beyond please perfect I have a
solution let's see the list of
materials for the rocket backpack
you need two plastic bottles
silver paper spray paint
china color yellow red and orange
gun batten and silicon bars
now if we are going to put you but to arm
very fun to equip to be the
adventures of martín I like I like the
art is already an idea so that maybe
in a birthday
the hands are not going to feel the super
astronauts are space travelers and not
it takes them more than it really is
less than 100 pesos as always that's their
gifted a lot that what we're going to do
let's paint with silver spray
our soda bottles that
we have already
out there remember to do it in an angular
so it has enough ventilation
because if you are not going to remove the
hungry this they are going to be very happy
and they go dizzy a little and they go to
dizzy a bit then
and there it is
this is not successful the one raised is
spray with mirror finish then
is that if they really remain in
Mars also for a robot costume
beautiful
that is not a Dutch is it is a camera
one of soloist wait
and here we have one that is already
dry and what we are going to do we have to
do then shrapnel so clear I am
happy observing martínez cows
that hard to make red oranges and
yellow and we can preserve or
making the fire are just the
micros motors the hand I'm going to go
to do the robot dance
as arigato mister robatto
in languages ​​and so super eighties
have done the complete I need that
You need the mixer to touch me in
checking bottle layers
but they are in the cheap and fast
we are going to paste camera with another
Now we light enough engines and
when I am poleri to mom who loves me
disguise is that I want to fly more
careful because you really kids and
they have that stage I think we all
we're going to do is well radios
the Windows
like strips of three years also
let's help some red dots
oranges and yellows
but I could see with the green coffee of the
violets
it's a game
and then on top of this I also
let's spend more spray
so that really these costumes are
Heavy duty if not then even if
resistant
children are serious things
the truth is ideal to do with them
because they seek to participate
be careful with the insurance the idea then
the other time martín the spray
red orange ready missing the yellow what
what we are going to do is go mixing them
come the firemen
yuri daniela romo
this theme is so beautiful and seven more
weapons that will not have written if they are with
some letters of deep truth
then let's mix yellow
red orange a little part of each
so that each one comes out the same, not what
you are going to put a yellow
and they were already scolding and they have not even
seen my homework and my nerd time I know
we are going to put it to hit then our
as well as the scope for it to be
tie up
banks fac
the compact
what can I think we could also do
have done with a little sauce for
challenges half of this thick spring is me
it happens that you can occupy better than the
now that we are doing it
but good now what do you say now that
you say
how nice and by the way many greetings to
all the cute people of tvc mad latin already
all of you who see us from the
inside the republic really
Thank you very much and thank you for all the
pretty Things
that they send us to facebook to twitter and
remember also the gift that already
We are receiving your ideas but
we want more more options more ideas
remember they should not max 100 pesos and a
times the craft and we will see in
this competence of who sends us the
more original the more creative that person
in open voting and on facebook all
let's vote what are the five
better and from those five we are going to choose to
put the exact room the lamp
this we remember here that we
did they please donate the women
workers want you to give them
we send many greetings that can
see since early we have here
our
suspenders to hang us then what
what are we going to do is
here and now if I put the fire
and the right one to put it
but we are also going to help photo with
silicone is best to put it first and
and then you have to slip that leaves it
there how justito
I'm going to put
my friends I go to school I go to
go to morning shift school in
Mars
not the truth like that of hatí martín
with 12
it's more when the child makes him and the
child learns to fly to fly
It was the last
what do you think if, while killing
try your propellers let's see is
easier to return the mode of
elaboration with the help of painting in
spray paints the bottles completely
and let it dry cut several strips of
Chinese paper and sticks in the mouth of the
bottles places the strips where
will pass the arms and will be clean